Update FeatureSwitches.md (#335)
Babylonpartners/ios-playbook: Cookbook/Technical-Documents/Optimizely.md

As a front end developer you are most likely to be interested in the content under "Experiments" and "Features".

## Setting up Optimizely Feature flags and experiments

> Querying Optimizely for feature flags is as simple as defining a boolean property annotated with `RemoteFeatureSwitch` property wrapper. When accessed for the first time Optimizely will activate appropriate variation for the current user (it then will be cached in memory until the app is restarted).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Querying Optimizely for feature flags is as simple as defining a boolean property annotated with the `RemoteFeatureSwitch` property wrapper. When accessed for the first time, Optimizely will activate the appropriate variation for the current user (it then will be cached in memory until the app is restarted).
```

Reviewer 2: ❤️ 

![](https://media1.tenor.com/images/d820481ef14b1cd2a16ff4e7660deb5f/tenor.gif?itemid=9239559)

> Note (November 2019): Querying Optimizely to see whether a feature is available currently yields false both when the feature is disabled and when an error occurs. This is inconsistent with their documentation so there is some hope that this will be changed in a future version of the SDK.

```swift
@RemoteFeatureSwitch(key: "awesome_feature")
let awesomeFeature: Bool
```

With Optimizely it is also possible to define "feature variables". To fetch the value of a feature variable it is necessary to pass both the feature key and variable key to the Optimizely SDK. Typically feature variables are associated with some feature test and can be accessed via implementing `RemoteFeatureSwitchDecodable` protocol.

```swift
struct AwesomeExperiment: RemoteFeatureSwitchDecodable {
    static let `default` = AwesomeExperiment()
    
    let isEnabled: Bool
    let stringVariable: String
    let boolVariable: Bool

    private init() {

>         isEnabled = false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      isEnabled = false
```

> 	stringVariable = ""

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        stringVariable = ""
```

> 	boolVariable = false

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        boolVariable = false
```

    }
    
    init(decoder: RemoteFeatureSwitchDecoder) throws {
        guard try decoder.isEnabled() else {
            self = Self.default
            return
        }
        isEnabled = true
	stringVariable = try decoder.stringValue(for: "string_value")

> 	boolVariable = try decoder.boolValue(for: "bool_value")

Reviewer 3: [nit] ditto

> 	boolVariable = try decoder.boolValue(for: "bool_value")

Author: ```suggestion
	  stringVariable = try decoder.stringValue(for: "string_value")
	  boolVariable = try decoder.boolValue(for: "bool_value")
```

    }
}

@RemoteFeatureSwitch(key: "awesome_experiment", defaultValue: .default)
let awesomeExperiment: AwesomeExperiment
```

> As you can notice this is similar to how we typically implement `Decodable` protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you can see, this is similar to how we typically implement the `Decodable` protocol.
```

> A/B tests in optimizely is a variation of test that is not based on a feature flag and instead based on number of variations. The best way to define it is using enum and `ABTest` property wrapper:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A/B tests in Optimizely is a variation of tests that is not based on a feature flag but on a number of variations. The best way to define it is using an enum and `ABTest` property wrapper:
```

```swift
@ABTest(key: "signup_test", default: .sign_up)
var signUpTitle: SignUpTitle

enum SignUpTitle: String {
    case sign_up, get_started

    var title: String {
        switch self {
            case .sign_up: return "Sign Up"
            case .get_started: return "Get Started"
        }
    }
}
```

Note that experiments can have any number of variations, but more than two will be unusual as it gets more difficult to collect conclusive data.

> Tracking of active variants both for feature switches and for A/B tests is done automatically and generally does not requeire any additional implementation.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Tracking of active variants both for feature switches and for A/B tests is done automatically and generally does not require any additional implementation.
```

> Tracking of active variants both for feature switches and for A/B tests is done automatically and generally does not requeire any additional implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tracking of active variants both for feature switches and for A/B tests is done automatically and generally does not require any additional implementation.
```
